Updated language list link (#32793)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cognitive-services/text-analytics/how-tos/text-analytics-how-to-keyword-extraction.md

This capability is useful if you need to quickly identify the main points in a collection of documents. For example, given input text "The food was delicious and there were wonderful staff", the service returns the main talking points: "food" and "wonderful staff".

> List of supported languages is available [here](../text-analytics-supported-languages.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Supported languages](../text-analytics-supported-languages.md) article for more information. 
```
